Mr. Yokoyama, representative of Mr. Fujikura
Today and finished singing for the first time of Mars these two people was the stage on 2 songs Kedomo to Question 2 people
Well then
Smoking have been a field
Since the impossible and the seat Hey visitor's eyes anymore sunny any time was warm
I'm glad really cheer to everyone When you now to the great fun there
Then god
But
5 I did it
Ah ah ah ah
Mike even very fun and I that I was singing together it was the same can also sing day
How to hold is high
It's okay for tension to appear Hi today
b Till vector is also held at the same time, but I ate almost already
Around
Represents the
I ate what I ate
You flatfish or ah where I ate him
It's a voice , but it was delicious, wasn't it good ? Put this curry can on
I would like to receive
It is it any 8 a day is Come 8 songs
Akb48 official account of mobile app stand
Jaiaibi but is ak at a distress cake corporation has been established
In what June 7, including the delivery of akb48 official announcement in this official account
It is done
akb also g concert d sense bedding starting lineup that also feat breaking of election day to implement
It seems that you hurriedly
Have you ever put in after not being in the audience ?
There are a lot of registrants
Thank you the first id screw tap r akb also d
I would like to ask the person in charge by all means Registration is free to meet here .
If you please by all means
And this akb48 soar d segans bedding all over general election
The top 16 starters will be released after summer
It will appear in the line stamp of the akb48 group 's first line app
It is a thing and it will be delivered with a full-fledged hot cup
By say Kedomo two is the staff vehicle has been scouting the island this is the first time in Japan
Try cheap
I 'm looking forward to it
Hey